{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh14260\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 DECO3200 Assignment 2
\b0\fs24 \
\
This is a technical assignment. \

\i Produce a prototype artwork based on the theme of "media multiplicities". 
\i0 \
\
Your work should somehow involve (a) the incorporation of source material from existing media or human created material (b) some form of "multiplicity", it may be a multiplicity of screens / speakers / objects, a multiplicity of source material mashed together, or a crowd-sourced multiplicity.\
\
Technically, your work should look at the "cutting edge" and at least involve either some software programming of your own, or the use of experimental software tools to process data (e.g., search scripts, analysis tools). The final work should contain some novel technical achievement.\
\
Artistically, the work should stimulate thought about a theme. Christian Marclay's "The Clock", for example, stimulates thought about how essential time is to such a huge number of moments in human life, whether dramatic or dull. It is also conceptually engaging by allowing you to experience moments in movies exactly when they happened. Rafael Lozano-Hemmer's "Pulse Room" stimulates thought about communities and one of the simplest ways (perhaps) to represent what is essentially human about us.\
\
This is another "short sketch" assignment. It is fine to produce a very rough sketch and to remain conceptually incomplete, but there should be a strong theme. This sketch should involve a proof-of-concept for the core technical idea behind your work. For example, (i) demonstrate that you can get multiple YouTube videos to play in sync across multiple machines, (ii) do an automated word-search of Kylie Minogue lyrics to find instances of the word "love" and produce a mashup. Search far and wide for existing tools that can help you.\
\
The work does not need to be interactive or generated in realtime or use an Arduino (e.g., "The Clock" does neither), but you should treat both as a parts of the toolkit that you may wish to draw from in order to engage your audience. Think outside the box of the computer and think about the dynamic ways you could present your work in a gallery or public space.\
\
Work in groups of 5 or 6 to produce either a demonstration video (3 minutes max) or a live demonstration (5 minutes max). Don't just stick to the same groups you always choose. Your group should be organised so that some are programming, some are working on gathering material and thinking about the aesthetic content, and some are working on communication and documentation of the idea. It is important to create something more than the sum of its parts. You may choose to assign a director either to coordinate everyone or lead on a conceptual level (recommended).\
\
Deadline: 29th August (presentations given during tutorial). Have work ready the day before.\
Submission: Demo video or supporting material for presentation.\
Grade: This will constitute 2.5% of your grade.\
\
Assessment criteria: The work will be judged on (i) technical innovation, (ii) strength of artistic concept, (iii) production values, (iv) team organisation and division of skills.}