{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh19600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Individual Reports\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Major projects will be conducted in flexible groups but your assessment will be via 
\b individual reports
\b0 . You will produce 4 individual reports throughout the course of the unit. Reports will be the main form of assessment, supported by the projects themselves and your group presentations. A schedule of deadlines is as follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Report 1: due 10am, 19th September. 5%\
Report 2: due 10am, 3rd October. 10%. (Along with major project presentations).\
Report 3: due 10am, 24th October. 25%.\
Report 4: due 10am, 7th October. 45%. (Along with final project presentations + demos).\
Exhibition is likely to open around November 22nd.\

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320
\cf0 Reports may be used in group discussions and critiqued by your classmates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs36 \cf0 Submission\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 Reports must be handed in by the specified deadline
\b0 . Late submissions will be handled according to the standard faculty rules for the deduction of marks. It is your responsibility to make sure that reports are complete and on time. In order to ensure quality and completeness you should agree with a friend to proof-read and critique each other's reports prior to submission.\
Submit reports via Blackboard using the associated assessment submission item. You can either submit individual PDFs or zipped folders if supporting material is provided. PDFs should follow the formatting guidelines below. Total folder sizes should be no more than 200MB. For large audio and video files, provide compressed media where necessary with links to higher-quality versions online.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs36 \cf0 Report Structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Reports must be submitted as PDF documents. Name the file Firstname_Lastname_ReportX.pdf where X is the report number. The PDF document should contain all necessary information for assessment.\
PDFs should be A4, either landscape or portrait, with no more than 2,000 words content (excluding references and figure captions) and a maximum of 5 pages. Quality is 
\b much
\b0  more important than quantity and you do not need to reach this limit for each report.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Contents\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf0 A report should define a clear sub-task of a group project and describe how you approached that task. The report must be entirely your own writing and the report should primarily focus on your own individual work, making reference to the work of others where relevant. It is essential that the crediting of work is unambiguous, text that is not your own is clearly quoted, and all references are provided. You should strive for honesty in reporting what you have achieved. Don't hype up claims about what you've done. Do focus on what you have actually done, not what you wanted to do. A reasonable discussion of the problems you faced is welcome.\
For examples of good writing style and reference formatting refer to any of the technical academic papers provided as reading. Always be discerning in the use of information sources, particularly those found via random Google searches and Wikipedia. Quote them by all means but bear in mind that academic and formal publications are likely (although not certain) to be more authoritative.\
The recommended structure for the report is given as follows. However, you are welcome to propose alternative structures prior to the submission of the report. For example if your work has focused on a conceptual issue you could choose more of an essay format. You can also present your reports in a more visual way where appropriate. But raise this as a request, don't just submit it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Goal: State clearly the goal of the task and its relation to the wider goals of the group project.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Background: Provide relevant and clearly researched background to the problem. Present relevant concepts and succinctly explain any key technical issues.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Approach (main section): Describe your approach, providing detail about your findings and how you structured your work. Be clear about your motivations at each step.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Conclusion: Conclude by summarising your findings or outcomes. Include a clear analysis of the problem domain.\
{\listtext	\'95	}References: Provide detailed references.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Supporting Material\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf0 If necessary, supporting material should be provided in a zipped folder along with the report. Supporting material should be presented in such a way as it is clearly relevant and quick to read. You should refer to supporting material in the text of your report.\
The total resulting zip file size should be no more than 20MB. For large audio and video files, provide compressed media where necessary with links to higher-quality versions online. Links to media files must be supported by compressed versions of the files, even if they are highly compressed, in order to confirm the submission date.\
If you are submitting software, bear in mind that nothing is more impressive than an application that "just works", with a clear and usable interface.\
Supporting material does not need to be your own work, but all work must be correctly and clearly credited.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs36 \cf0 Assessment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Reports will be assessed primarily on the basis of the quality of the work described in the report, but also on the quality of writing and presentation.\
Criteria (since reports will differ in focus, assessment criteria will be applied where applicable):\

\b Quality of research
\b0 : provide an in-depth analysis with accurate and relevant references.
\b \
Insight and quality of design
\b0 : come up with novel insights and original designs that address the problem you are working on.
\b \
Quality of problem solving and implementation
\b0 : produce advanced, robust and well structured software and hardware solutions to your design goals.
\b \
Quality of writing
\b0 : use good written English. Structure your writing clearly. Convey your message carefully and apply reasoned argument where necessary.
\b \
Clarity and quality of presentation
\b0 : be clear about your goals and your outcomes. Ensure that your report is unambiguous and understandable. Use effective visual communication where necessary.\
}