knol/university/2012/ucsd/quarter2_spring/icam130_data_visualization/creation/2_deviantart_project/_drafts/2015-02-14-DataVis-Exploring-dA-Summary.md, before:

---
layout:	post
title:	"DataVis – Exploring DeviantArt (Summary)"
start-date:	2012-01-01
end-date:	2012-07-01
date:	2012-07-01
tags:	[UCSD, University of California San Diego, ICAM130, Lev Manovich, Data Visualization, Visualisation, Mondrian, Boids, Data, DeviantArt]
---

_ICAM130 Data Visualization Series: This is a series of visualizations created during related courses and independent research at UCSD._

_Exploring DeviantArt Series: A series of visualisations exploring art, an expression of human creative skill and imagination in varying mediums, through the lens of the online deviantArt community._

---

# Exploring DeviantArt

// Cover Image - Chuck in an abstract image (category graph or steam graph - with "Exploring Deviant Art" written on it xx - actually, just use the ICAM Cover Image!)

## Summary

Art is a vast and ever-intriguing phenomenon. There are so many ways to explore artistic creations and the communities surrounding the endevour. As a collective, it can be visualised with time, as constellations of clusters, as abstracted agents, and via human-defined categories. This project is an attempt to gleam some insight from artistic works when considered within the creative community that is DeviantArt. 

// Add DataVis DA Collage Screen

## By Country and Time

- // this is an early exploration in the project

- // early abstract work and images
- // final work - (functional, informative)

## Artwork Clusters

## Abstract Agents

## Artwork Categories

## Conclusion / Best of ICAM

### Thanks

Many thanks to Lev Manovich, Jay Chow, Bradley Schnell, and Teenah Eco - whom have been invaluable mentors and amazing collaborators.

Commit message:

icam130 - da - added Agents folder

knol/university/2012/ucsd/quarter2_spring/icam130_data_visualization/creation/2_deviantart_project/_drafts/2015-02-14-DataVis-Exploring-dA-Summary.md, after:

---
layout:	post
title:	"DataVis – Exploring DeviantArt (Summary)"
start-date:	2012-01-01
end-date:	2012-07-01
date:	2012-07-01
tags:	[UCSD, University of California San Diego, ICAM130, Lev Manovich, Data Visualization, Visualisation, Mondrian, Boids, Data, DeviantArt]
---

_ICAM130 Data Visualization Series: This is a series of visualizations created during related courses and independent research at UCSD._

_Exploring DeviantArt Series: A series of visualisations exploring art, an expression of human creative skill and imagination in varying mediums, through the lens of the online deviantArt community._

---

# Exploring DeviantArt

![icam cover image](Ω_overall/icam_cover_image.png)

## Summary

Art is a vast and ever-intriguing phenomenon. There are many ways to explore artistic creations and the communities surrounding the endevour. As a collective, it can be visualised with time, as constellations of clusters, as abstracted agents, and via human-defined categories. This project is an attempt to gleam some insight from artistic works when considered within the creative community that is DeviantArt. 

![da collage](Ω_overall/DataVis-DA-Collage.png)

## By Country and Time

- // this is an early exploration in the project

- // early abstract work and images
- // final work - (functional, informative)

## Artwork Clusters

## Abstract Agents

A few trials were made at more abstract representations of the data. Whilst interesting, they were paused in favour of being more easily lead by the constraints offered by slightly more functional visualisations.

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/CFi97Wujayo" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jxXk4cY7j1k" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Artwork Categories

## Conclusions

The wealth of insights that can be mined from human and cultural collections such as DeviantArt are invaluable - allowing us to identify and weave stories about the society they represent. 

In addition to DeviantArt data, it has also been great to simultaneously explore other visual datasets such as Marvel Comics and the Cooper Hewitt Museum data. 

This work was presented at the 'Best of ICAM'. [[PDF Slides]](Ω_overall/BestOfIcam Presentation Image Sequence LOW.pdf)

I've learnt so much from this time in Data Visualisation. It truly is a beautiful union between the technical side of data mining and processsing, and the synthesis of information into comprehensive and aesthetic visualisations. Visualisation is one of the rare few fields that offer a perfect union between the technical, cognitive, and aesthetic. 

### Thanks

Many thanks to Lev Manovich, Jay Chow, Bradley Schnell, and Teenah Eco - whom have been invaluable mentors and amazing collaborators.
